I can see you're thirsty.
What's your name?
Jibril Hassan.
Well, Jibril Hassan...
I have some questions for you...
and hopefully you have
some answers for me.
Last night...
at the edge of your camp...
you met someone from...
Nazareth.
No?
Yes.
Palestinian?
Why?
She gave me food.
She...
What did she ask you to do?
Nothing.
She just wanted to help.
We have nothing.
People are getting sick.
People are getting sick?
People are getting killed.
A war has started...
because of your friend.
Your leader.
Where is he?
I don't know.
I'm telling you, I don't know.
You really should stop
saying, "I don't know."
He was arrested. That's it.
The girl?
-Did she say where he is?
-No.
No?
Your leader.
What's his name?
al-Masih.
That's not a real name.
What's his real name?
What's his name?
I swear I don't know.
No one knows anything about this man,
and yet they risk their lives
and trek across deserts for him.
Why?
Because he is sent from God.
Say that again.
He is sent from God.
I want to prove something to you...
Jibril Hassan.
I want to prove to you...
that there is no God.
Our Lord, give us goodness
in this world...
Morning, princess.
What's this?
I don't want you to be cold out here.
Thank you.
Now I will stay nice and warm. Thank you.
Daddy, why are you sleeping in your car?
Well...
I had to work...
I had to work late last night,
but I wanted to see you.
Daddy, you're hurt.
Don't come outside like that
without telling me, understand?
Why can't Daddy come inside?
Oh, Ellie,
Daddy doesn't live here anymore.